Offering the Portaloo Too Directly

You are sitting on the bench with Diane and her friends, beside the river.

Bruno seems quite serious, and is talking to Molly a lot. That leaves you with Diane.

You are leaning towards her. You reach over and she is happy for you to hold her hand.

You gained 5 intimacy points.

Diane's skirt has ridden up a bit. You are able to rest your held hands on her leg, just above her knee.

You feel Diane shifting about from time to time. You are tremendously excited.

You feel sure that she's dying to spend a penny. But there are no toilets around—and it's going to be difficult for her to mention it in this company.

Maybe you should try to help her with a luckshot?

(Yes, I'll try to help. I'm quite happy to use one of my luckshots to help her out.)

You can tell that Diane is dying for a pee. She's shifting about and looking a bit distracted. You think she secretly asked the woman behind the coffee bar if there was anywhere, but the woman apparently said there wasn't. So it's all a bit difficult for your new girlfriend, especially in company.

But you're the perfect gentleman. So you've played one of your valuable luckshots.

You stand up to throw the paper cups into a refuse bin, and while doing so you notice a Portaloo tucked away round the corner.

The woman behind the counter probably doesn't want the public using it, but you see somebody come out of it, so it's obviously available.

What are you going to say?

(Ask her if she wants a pee?)

YOU: Diane, if you want the loo there's a Portaloo just round the corner.

She blushes. She's been trying not to fidget and didn't want anyone to know she was dying for the loo.

You've really embarrassed her.

You lost 15 intimacy points.

And so, against her better judgement, she says—

DIANE: I'm OK, thanks. I never like those places anyway.

And she tries to stop fidgeting.

She's offered the chance to use a Portaloo but is too embarrassed to admit her need. You gained 5 shyness points.

(Well, you did try.)

A few minutes later you all stand up to move on.

Diane seems to glance towards the Portaloo but says nothing. She must be regretting saying she didn't need to go.

She can't summon up the courage to tell you she really does need the Portaloo.

(You leave the cafe.)

You leave the cafe and continue walking. The river burbles beside you.

You come to a waterfall. You all go to admire and watch it, as the water cascades over the rocks.

The sound of the waterfall adds to the rippling of water and the coolness of the evening.

Diane is walking on the spot, and anxiously looking around.

Bruno and Molly are standing together watching the waterfall. You notice Bruno put an arm round Molly's waist.

Diane is happy for you to put an arm round her, and she leans closer to you.

You gained 5 intimacy points.

But she does seem anxious for you to be moving on. You can sense her shifting from foot to foot.
