Watching Molly Behind the Skip

You carry on walking.

You're wondering whether you could stop and kiss.

You pass some steps up from the towpath.

Molly and Bruno, who are walking ahead of you, have stopped suddenly. They both look a little bit sheepish.

They look at one another.

BRUNO: Can we catch you up? We've just got something to discuss. We'll join you again in 5 minutes.

You say, "Of course" and walk on. When you look back you see Molly beginning to go down the steps, with Bruno behind her.

(Where are they going?)

Molly and Bruno have peeled off and gone down the steps to the towpath. They are out of sight. You are wondering if Molly needed a pee. You'd like to peep over the parapet but you obviously can't while you're with Diane.

DIANE: Where have they gone?

YOU: I'm not sure. There's a sort of towpath down there.

DIANE: Oh.

The penny has probably clicked.

You will just have to leave it all to your imagination. Unless you want to play a luckshot, of course.

(Yes, I'll risk a luckshot.)

You suspect Molly may have gone for a pee, but can't be sure. Anyway, you would like to watch. So you have played a Luckshot.

DIANE: I wonder what they're up to?

The path curves a little to the left here, and close to a rather erratic wall. It only takes a few paces across some rough grass to get to the wall and look over. Out of curiosity Diane does this, and you follow.

Oh! She says, and puts a hand across her mouth, looking at you with mock embarrassment. You look over the wall and can see down the half lit towpath to where Bruno and Molly are standing, perhaps 50 yards away.

Bruno is standing about 5 yards away from Molly and is having a pee.

Even from where you are you can see his pee stream arcing against the wall. Molly is politely looking the other way but from her pose, hands in jeans pockets and legs half crossed at the knee, it looks as if she might want to go too.

Bruno shakes and zips up, moving back towards Molly. She gives him her handbag to hold and moves as if to go towards the wall.

Diane says, "Come on," and touches your arm as if to pull you away. But you are not going to miss this. If she could watch Bruno, you can watch Molly!

(You carry on watching.)

Molly walks to the wall, close to where Bruno had just been. She is unbuckling her belt.

She turns round and sees Bruno is watching her. She waves him away and you can hear a faint cry of "Look away." She waves again. But he is still looking towards her with what seems to be a grin.

Molly looks around her. Then, still with her belt unbuckled, she walks a few yards along the towpath towards you, to where some contractors have left a small skip. She goes behind this, between the skip and the wall, where Bruno can't see her—but you can.

Then she quickly unzips her jeans and pulls them and her white panties down in one movement, straight away going into a half squat. It's too gloomy for you to see any stream but you can see a puddle forming on the ground and running away from her. Judging by the size of it, she certainly needed to go.

She pees for the best part of a minute and then, straightening up, pulls up her white panties, adjusting them, and then pulls up and zips her jeans. Still buckling her belt she emerges from behind the skip and rejoins Bruno.

(You go back to the path.)

You scramble across the rough grass back to the path.

Diane is waiting for you on the path. She is looking at you with a "Who's a naughty boy look" but there is a twinkle in her eye.

DIANE: You shouldn't watch.

YOU: Well, you watched Bruno.

DIANE: That's different. It's easier for you men. Come on.
