Taking Turns Behind the Closed Toilet Building

The toilet has just closed.

The council caretaker has just shut and padlocked the doors to both the Ladies and the Gents, and is walking towards his van.

As soon as she sees it Diane gasps, "Oh no!" She hurries towards the door marked Ladies, but then turns back when she sees that the man has just locked it. She is really disappointed and you see her shove a hand between her legs as she turns away. She comes back to you with a look of misery on her face.

She is trying to maintain her composure but can't stand still.

DIANE: I'm absolutely desperate. Why did he have to close it just now?

She does an urgent little curtsey, moves away and sits on a low wall. Her face is one of intense concentration. She sits there, shifting backwards and forwards. You go and sit beside her.

DIANE: The caretaker's still there. Do you think he would reopen it for me?

(You look at her.)

Diane has asked you whether the caretaker might reopen the toilet.

YOU: Why don't you ask him? He might.

DIANE: Oh, it's too embarrassing. I couldn't.

What's it to be?

(Sympathise and ask if she can wait.)

You sympathise with Diane. You ask her if she can hold on till she gets to the Pavilion.

Diane shakes her head and sits down again.

DIANE: I'm sorry, I just have to go. I'm bursting. Is there anywhere I can go?

Which will it be?

(Tell her you want to go as well.)

YOU: Actually, I could do with a pee too. Why don't we just take it in turns to pop behind the building?

DIANE: Why not?

She looks around.

DIANE: That little side path should be OK. D'you mind if I go first—I'm bursting.

You gained 15 intimacy points.

You watch as she goes to the side of the building and cautiously goes up the path to the side of the Ladies. She is already beginning to hitch up her skirt when she disappears from view.

A couple of minutes later she returns. "Your turn," she smiles, and you go to the back of the building too. You notice a large puddle, still spreading further across the path.

You have your pee and return.

(You continue.)

After various diversions, all four of you are together again.

You pass a public park. The gates are locked for the night, but you stand and look at the information board for a minute.

Diane doesn't look like she has to pee yet.

Molly really needs a pee! She can't stand still, but shifts from foot to foot.

Molly and Diane tell you to hurry up, as the walk has taken longer than you expected.
