Asking Diane to Hold On at the Closed Toilet

The toilet has just closed.

The council caretaker has just shut and padlocked the doors to both the Ladies and the Gents, and is walking towards his van.

As soon as she sees it Diane gasps, "Oh no!" She hurries towards the door marked Ladies, but then turns back when she sees that the man has just locked it. She is really disappointed and you see her shove a hand between her legs as she turns away. She comes back to you with a look of misery on her face.

She is trying to maintain her composure but can't stand still.

DIANE: I'm absolutely desperate. Why did he have to close it just now?

She does an urgent little curtsey, moves away and sits on a low wall. Her face is one of intense concentration. She sits there, shifting backwards and forwards. You go and sit beside her.

DIANE: The caretaker's still there. Do you think he would reopen it for me?

(You look at her.)

Diane has asked you whether the caretaker might reopen the toilet.

YOU: Why don't you ask him? He might.

DIANE: Oh, it's too embarrassing. I couldn't.

What's it to be?

(Sympathise and ask if she can wait.)

You sympathise with Diane. You ask her if she can hold on till she gets to the Pavilion.

Diane shakes her head and sits down again.

DIANE: I'm sorry, I just have to go. I'm bursting. Is there anywhere I can go?

Which will it be?

(Ask her to hold on because you're enjoying it.)

YOU: I think it's really sexy, you being this desperate. It would be great if you'd wait a bit longer.

She looks at you with disbelief. This was clearly not the right time or place.

DIANE: I don't believe it. Here am I, desperate for the toilet on a first date, and you're actually wanting me to wet my knickers. Well—I'm going behind the building and you can just bugger off.

She gets up and hurries behind the toilet block. A couple of minutes later she returns, walks right past you and rejoins the others. You see them all look back at you and then carry on.

(Oh dear!)

GOODBYE! THE GAME IS OVER.
